(gentle rock music)
(heavy rock music)
♪ Wake up, wake up ♪
♪ Grab a brush and put a little make-up ♪
♪ Hide the scars to
fade away the shake-up ♪
♪ Why'd you leave the
keys upon the table ♪
♪ Here you go create another
fable, you wanted to ♪
♪ Grab a brush and put a
little make-up, you wanted to ♪
♪ Hide the scars to fade away
the shake-up, you wanted to ♪
♪ Why'd you leave the keys
upon the table, you wanted to ♪
♪ I don't think you trust ♪
♪ In my self-righteous suicide ♪
♪ I cry when angels deserve to die ♪
♪ Wake up, wake up ♪
♪ Grab a brush and put a little make-up ♪
♪ Hide the scars to fade away the ♪
♪ Why'd you leave the
keys upon the table ♪
♪ Here you go create another
fable, you wanted to ♪
♪ Grab a brush and put a
little make-up, you wanted to ♪
♪ Hide the scars to fade away
the shake-up, you wanted to ♪
♪ Why'd you leave the keys
upon the table, you wanted to ♪
♪ I don't think you trust ♪
♪ In my self-righteous suicide ♪
♪ I cry when angels deserve to die ♪
♪ Father, father ♪
♪ Father, into your hands
I commend my spirit ♪
♪ Father, into your hands ♪
♪ Why have you forsaken me ♪
♪ In your eyes forsaken me ♪
♪ In your thoughts forsaken me ♪
♪ In your heart forsaken me, oh ♪
♪ Trust in my self-righteous suicide ♪
♪ I cry when angels deserve to die ♪
♪ In my self-righteous suicide ♪